Dr Jameson: Hi.
Nicki Cummings: Well,
Dr Jameson: I like your
Dr Jameson: Your screen shot or whatever.
Nicki Cummings: Starts with the camera turned off. Sorry.
Dr Jameson: I think that it might. I don't know. I mean, sometimes it starts automatically with people muted. So I'm not really sure.
Nicki Cummings: My cameras always off. Oh, no.
Dr Jameson: No, no, it's fine. I'm okay. So did you end up getting medicine or
Dr Jameson: Yeah.
Okay, and
Nicki Cummings: I am coming off of my Xanax okay and
Nicki Cummings: Adderall.
Nicki Cummings: And I also found out that impression
Nicki Cummings: But I think
Dr Jameson: Wow.
Dr Jameson: Congratulations.
Nicki Cummings: Oh, I think that might be all those combined is why I've
Nicki Cummings: Had you know cravings and yeah wanted more. Oh.
Dr Jameson: Yeah, so sorry. So you wanted to take the test.
Nicki Cummings: I took one, two days ago and I took another one yesterday. Okay, and you're done. I mean their fate line. But I mean, it'd be no line if I wasn't right.
Dr Jameson: No.
Nicki Cummings: Accounts.
Dr Jameson: Okay, well, you're on subjects anyway because we usually switch people over
Dr Jameson: Why are you coming off those other minutes
Nicki Cummings: Well, the Xanax, I wanted to get off of anyway. But now, since I'm pregnant. I'm not gonna be able to take
Nicki Cummings: I don't even
Nicki Cummings: Think anything
Nicki Cummings: Like my seizure medication. I don't think I could take that
Dr Jameson: Well, you'll have to call
Dr Jameson: Who
Nicki Cummings: Have you call them right
Okay.
Dr Jameson: Well, you could still
Dr Jameson: Give them a call and just even for the heads up like is sure to be stopping something
Nicki Cummings: Right.
Dr Jameson: I'll just look up a motor gene for you anyway.
Again,
Dr Jameson: Okay, so how long, how long will go, do you think, when was your last period.
Nicki Cummings: I think it was January 24
Nicki Cummings: But I'm not 100%
Dr Jameson: OK, but so pretty.
Nicki Cummings: Early
Dr Jameson: Pretty early. Okay.
Nicki Cummings: It just be like,
Nicki Cummings: Four to six weeks, I think. Yeah.
Nicki Cummings: Which is probably why the line because they don't have that much.
Dr Jameson: Yeah.
Your
Nicki Cummings: Hormone
Dr Jameson: HCG
Dr Jameson: Okay, well, it says that
Dr Jameson: It crosses the human placenta can be measured in the plasma of exposed newborns an overall increase in the risk of four major congenital malformation has not been observed in available studies, however, an increased risk for cleft lip cleft palate has not been ruled out.
Nicki Cummings: Yeah, I'd rather
Dr Jameson: An increased risk of malformations may be associated with larger doses.
Dr Jameson: So,
Dr Jameson: You are
Dr Jameson: I don't think you're on a large dose.
Nicki Cummings: 200 milligrams a day.
Dr Jameson: I mean, the thing is is we don't want you just stop. I mean having a seizure, when you're pregnant is also very dangerous to a baby so
Dr Jameson: You know it's most important that you don't have a seizure, and then
Dr Jameson: Like sometimes we have to anyway the neurology you the OB and the neurologist.
Dr Jameson: And should work together to see
Dr Jameson: Up to 400 you say sorry, how much you take 200 a day.
Nicki Cummings: Today,
Yeah.
Dr Jameson: Maintenance is less than or equal to 400 for this is for bipolar. But still,
Dr Jameson: So you're not at the highest dose. Anyway, so that's good.
Dr Jameson: And then the Adderall. You started taking stopping that because you will these tests are you were doing it anyway.
Nicki Cummings: Because of these tests.
Dr Jameson: Are you still taking Tim as a Pam.
Nicki Cummings: I haven't taken it in a while though.
Dr Jameson: Those
Nicki Cummings: Are some I have some like if I can't
Nicki Cummings: Yes, firstly, if I can't, if I haven't slept in the wild. And I think I've been overly tired lately so
Dr Jameson: And then. So when's the last time you took, are you still taking some Santa. So you're completely. Oh.
Nicki Cummings: I'm I didn't really can't. I didn't. I haven't just stopped it. I'm still taking some but
Dr Jameson: Tapering
Nicki Cummings: So how many gave me a
Nicki Cummings: Wing down though.
Dr Jameson: Yeah, okay. I mean,
Yeah, you shouldn't stop someone
Nicki Cummings: Okay.
Dr Jameson: Alright, so you're down
Dr Jameson: And then do you still take to intelligence or is that
Nicki Cummings: Yeah, that's the antidepressant and I don't think that's a baby. There's
Dr Jameson: This newer so there's probably less information about it.
Nicki Cummings: Right every
Nicki Cummings: New drugs. So, yeah.
There's something specific.
Dr Jameson: There can be a withdrawal syndrome in the babies after they're born, if
Dr Jameson: Me for your on that's just a generic thing about NTT the serotonin drugs.
Dr Jameson: I mean,
Dr Jameson: Yeah we what they say. Now, certain drugs have like known and, you know, bad effects.
Dr Jameson: I don't think this is one of them. But again, it's it's newer
Dr Jameson: And the way that be, I was at a conference a couple years ago about psychiatric stuff. And this is what he was saying to which is what they kind of say in this little review thing I'm looking at
Dr Jameson: You kind of have to take it on a case to case basis because a woman who is profoundly depressed doesn't care for herself properly doesn't you know doesn't follow up appointments doesn't take their meds doesn't exercise doesn't
Dr Jameson: You know, potentially overuses or abuses substances and so it's not necessarily
Dr Jameson: Sometimes you have to just do the benefits and you know what I mean, it's a risk benefit.
Nicki Cummings: Pros and cons.
Dr Jameson: So, so, you know, it's not. Same thing with seizures, like, okay, we even when we know that it's not great for the baby or could cause harm.
Dr Jameson: If you have uncontrolled i don't know i don't think your seizure disorders as severe or somebody you know there's some women that have seven seizures a day.
Dr Jameson: Right, potentially, dropping the blood pressure and the oxygen levels and that's where we're going. You don't mean so we sometimes take we just have to take it on a case by case basis. So I wouldn't necessarily
Well,
Dr Jameson: You're doing a lot of changing things like stopping Xanax and dropping Adderall and I mean I guess I just, I don't know that I would
Dr Jameson: necessarily recommend you drop that to without at least a discussion with
Nicki Cummings: Know I called the neurologist, I left a message over the weekend.
Nicki Cummings: Oh, I just haven't heard back from him, but I do have an appointment Friday as well. So whether
Nicki Cummings: Or not, I'm
Dr Jameson: Are you going to be able to the same OB that you you have used in the past, or is this going to be a, I don't know if he's still live where
Nicki Cummings: I'm going to go to a new riverside is what I'm going to try to. Okay, have the best Nick, you
Nicki Cummings: Have anything were to happen.
Dr Jameson: That's fine. I just, okay, so it's not going to be like somebody that already knows you and has kind of gone through these
Dr Jameson: Same conversations before. Okay.
Dr Jameson: Because that would probably be the other thing is to get in.
Dr Jameson: As soon as they can will take you, because sometimes they don't want to see you instantly but you know that you have concerns about some medications. You've been taking any would like a discussion about, you know, medication safety during beginning stages of your pregnancy.
Dr Jameson: And see if you can get in, get in with the OB or their nurse or something, just to kind of do a little bit of
Dr Jameson: Review
Dr Jameson: And then do you have prenatal vitamins.
Nicki Cummings: No, but another thing I went
Nicki Cummings: On. Well, are you a lot because I
Dr Jameson: Yeah, I can't. I mean, they're also I'll tell you when I was pregnant I my personal my doctor wrote me a prescription for the you know prescription prenatal vitamins and they were like,
Dr Jameson: I don't know 30 bucks or something for the month.
Dr Jameson: And I thought, jeez, really, is there a generic, like, no, that is a generic. So anyway, just that I was just like, that seems silly. So anyway, I just asked the
Dr Jameson: doctor about it. She's like, Yeah, they're expensive. She said, or you could take the over the counter ones which have this exact same stuff and I'm so that's what I did. Just because they were cheaper.
Dr Jameson: But anyway, but yeah, I can send the an initial prescription for that anyway.
Nicki Cummings: Yeah.
Dr Jameson: Alright, so, um, so the pharmacist was willing to dispense because I know they were they were giving us a hard time
Dr Jameson: It was so early. Okay.
Dr Jameson: And I mean I can't blame them. So what and I just wanted to chat with you in general because I just I know stuff happens. And I'm not necessarily I'm not like
Dr Jameson: It's not a problem necessarily the only thing here that I'm not super psyched about is that it was like, so after the fact that you
Dr Jameson: Like I would have preferred if you could have told me a week ago that you were doing all this and that your cravings were happening or that you mentioned that a group or something because
Dr Jameson: You know, when it happens and it's already done and now we're completely out of medicine, it just
Dr Jameson: It's a, it's just
Dr Jameson: We just need
Dr Jameson: More clarification about it so that we can
Dr Jameson: Be on the front end of what's going on because I mean that was
Dr Jameson: Quite a bit early. Right. I mean, you should have had enough medicine through tomorrow and you were out last week, so
Dr Jameson: Was it anxiety that you were having or it was more trying to find prenatal vitamins. I'm having a hard time that works.
Nicki Cummings: It and I'm
I don't
Nicki Cummings: Irritability
Nicki Cummings: And like a date on Facebook and these are people I know that did us, you know, and I don't know.
Dr Jameson: What. Say that again.
Nicki Cummings: I said I got you know I got on Facebook and then like I'll see posts from people that I know what they're doing. And then, you know, like, just stop there gone through my mind like if I hung out with them and you know
Using
Yeah.
Dr Jameson: So I guess you don't have a marina.
Nicki Cummings: Know, when did that come out.
I'm
Nicki Cummings: December.
Dr Jameson: Well, I guess it doesn't matter because you were on the Sunday text anyway. Oh.
Nicki Cummings: That was quick to. Yeah, I know.
Nicki Cummings: Last time, he was. It was like three years, but because I was my 20s, that I wanted to get pregnant. I thought I was a good man and he begged and begged begged for years.
Nicki Cummings: And other kids violin. I want to find out, like, No, I'm fine. Like, I don't want to do on myself again. But he begged to beg beg. I finally great like okay. No, I got my first be sold out and like I just didn't get pregnant. And I was like,
Nicki Cummings: Okay, and then like at the most awful time if you like I
Nicki Cummings: Like my apartment is just tore down I lost everything. I'm like,
Nicki Cummings: Awesome, now I'm having to
Dr Jameson: Okay, but now
Dr Jameson: Is who's, who's the dead.
Brandon
Nicki Cummings: Okay, he's like my support system. The only person.
Dr Jameson: Okay. I mean, is he does he know about the pregnancy.
Nicki Cummings: Yeah, okay. Is he coming to pick me up in a couple hours. Is he happy or
Nicki Cummings: I mean, I think he's kind of nervous. He doesn't have any biological zone so
Nicki Cummings: And then he said, Well, I will leave it in the documentation from a doctor. I was like, yeah, because
Nicki Cummings: Okay, okay.
Yeah.
Nicki Cummings: Well, like you'll get that I don't know when. But someone will give it to me.
Nicki Cummings: Yeah yeah
Dr Jameson: I mean the over the counter ones are
Pretty accurate. So
Nicki Cummings: Right, I was like, Why do you think they thumb at Kroger's like forget it. I didn't get them from Spencer I got them from
Dr Jameson: Okay, so at this point.
Dr Jameson: How are your cravings and anxiety and all that.
Nicki Cummings: Oh, I'm good right now.
Dr Jameson: Okay, so I sent the prescription for back to, to a day, which is what was, what was your dough. So is that
Dr Jameson: Working or
Nicki Cummings: I would come to initially asked you if I could go to and a half day, but I know the insurance thing would be an issue. And then it probably wouldn't be a good idea or more. I'm pregnant. Like should I be going down or
Dr Jameson: No, I don't think that necessarily, I mean, the goal is
Dr Jameson: To keep you in recovery.
Dr Jameson: So I think
Dr Jameson: Clearly, there are also other
Dr Jameson: Ways to manage anxiety and, you know, besides just taking more Suboxone
Dr Jameson: So,
Dr Jameson: I mean, that's the other thing is working on things, you know, stress relief and how to how to handle anxiety and
Dr Jameson: Whether that's
Dr Jameson: Meaning counselor more often or
Dr Jameson: Doing meditation or exercise or, you know, working. Anyway, working on those kinds of issues.
Dr Jameson: So I think that it all works. You know, it all comes together. It's not just one thing.
Nicki Cummings: I'm tomorrow I have sorry I don't
Nicki Cummings: Know, I haven't seen it, it's called the main place they're like a behavioral health type place.
Nicki Cummings: So obviously a co worker there.
Nicki Cummings: Okay, so I'm kind of like our
Nicki Cummings: Case management. Good.
Nicki Cummings: Um, but I also have an appointment, Maggie. On the fifth
I don't think the clock.
Nicki Cummings: Ointment was the last counselor, I showed up, but she didn't show up. So
Dr Jameson: Okay, but I didn't show up.
Dr Jameson: Well, she she
Dr Jameson: Said she was there too. So, I don't know, but anyway.
Nicki Cummings: You are meeting with my
Nicki Cummings: Primer. Yeah. Okay. That's my
Nicki Cummings: She wasn't able to grow up. Okay.
Dr Jameson: What sorry when is your meeting with Maggie, which is
Nicki Cummings: On our third. Okay.
Dr Jameson: And have you ever looked, I know we were always a broken record about this.
Dr Jameson: Insight timer. But do you have you tried that meditation, that kind of stuff at all.
No.
Would you
Dr Jameson: Think you think there's any way you could find 20 minutes to download that. Have you downloaded it even
Nicki Cummings: Though I looked over it, right, like the phone I have right now it's like okay crap trying to get a new one. I'm going through
Dr Jameson: Are there. I mean, there are other
Nicki Cummings: There's website I downloaded that
Dr Jameson: Yeah, it doesn't have to be. I guess I
Dr Jameson: I would, I guess. Do you have a computer to or no.
Nicki Cummings: No.
Well,
Dr Jameson: But
Nicki Cummings: Yeah.
Dr Jameson: I mean, I
Dr Jameson: There's got to figure it out. Yeah. There's gotta be some other sort of I don't you can Google meditation or borrow phone or
Dr Jameson: Take a CD out of the library.
Nicki Cummings: Try yoga.
Dr Jameson: Yeah, I think, I think that's the thing is to still
Dr Jameson: Push yourself sometimes a little bit beyond what seems comfortable. I mean, in a good way to try learning new things, you know, maybe you might
Dr Jameson: We all can
Dr Jameson: Benefit from from, you know, exploring other avenues and I think
Dr Jameson: You know deep breathing is it's sounds hokey to some people, but actually there are
Nicki Cummings: Measurable
Dr Jameson: When you work. Yeah. And when you expand your belly with the diet for matic breathing. It actually compresses the nerve endings inside your
Dr Jameson: Being a cave and aorta, which help stimulate those nerve endings which relaxes you. So
Nicki Cummings: Like there are
Dr Jameson: There's actually a when I do it.
Nicki Cummings: Right, so, so I think I can feel like my hair down to my nose. Yeah.
Dr Jameson: So everything good yeah no I mean it and you know yoga has been you know that
Dr Jameson: whoever they are.
Dr Jameson: In India that I've been doing it. I mean, it's like Chinese medicine. We just because we don't understand how it works, doesn't mean it doesn't work. We just don't
Dr Jameson: Understand it but they enter this stuff doesn't come out of, out of nowhere for no reason. You know what I mean, like, people have
Dr Jameson: Been finding benefits from
Dr Jameson: Yoga for centuries and millennia, so
Dr Jameson: Just keep on working with with looking at those kinds of things, too. So when you feel anxious, which is understandable, your, your, you know, medications are changing. You've got hormones and now a whole prospect of
Dr Jameson: That's a lot to to, you know, kind of adjust to. So, no, no.
Dr Jameson: That's, that's not necessarily an unexpected but just don't. Don't forget that besides taking more Suboxone or 70 texts. There are other things that can help.
Nicki Cummings: Right.
Dr Jameson: And our goal is over time to help you develop such strong, you know that that becomes your automatic eventually you know that we've changed this equation from taking my medicine or using or whatever to
Dr Jameson: singing a song or going for a walk or calling a friend or you know whatever your usual
Dr Jameson: You know, you become kind of a you kind of have a new toolkit basically
Dr Jameson: OK, so I'll be interested to hear how your appointment goes tomorrow with the local place.
I'm
Nicki Cummings: Sorry, I also wanted to tell you I
Nicki Cummings: Talked to center for visually impaired, they will not
Nicki Cummings: Pay for my contact, but he said to call the insurance company and talk to them specifically like vision. And he said, they'll usually cover the
Nicki Cummings: Clarity is what they're called.
Nicki Cummings: In so I called them. They said that they will cover them that the doctors offices in their network.
Go.
Nicki Cummings: They were going to fax them.
Nicki Cummings: I talked to them. Thursday. So Friday.
Nicki Cummings: The doctor was going to go in and fill out the facts and facts to back. So I should be getting them this week like they'll, they'll come into the doctor's office so other item that we are following them next week, but
Dr Jameson: Either way, I'm going to get on
Dr Jameson: That's so exciting.
Dr Jameson: Oh, I got like I know
Nicki Cummings: Good for you. I was no happy when he called me buy me a huge amount of money to get, you know,
Nicki Cummings: A by him. He's like, but yeah, I know I can get a job and you can try get out of the house and
Wow.
Dr Jameson: Okay, that's awesome. Congratulation, you deserve it.
Dr Jameson: Okay, so
Dr Jameson: As far as medication goes. I mean, I can write it for two and a half. I don't know what will happen if you want to stick with two. What do you want to do.
Are you there.
Nicki Cummings: Yeah, I'm here, I'm thinking
Okay.
Nicki Cummings: I'll just stick with the two because I don't want it to be a mess with insurance. And I mean, yeah, the 13th. I need to be prior authorization. Anyway, so
Nicki Cummings: Okay, I don't know. Well,
Dr Jameson: Let's see.
Dr Jameson: I mean, that should be a big weight off your shoulders right there too.
Dr Jameson: And then
Dr Jameson: Maybe when you're at the visit tomorrow. You can ask them if they have any resources for meditation and
Dr Jameson: Maybe they have a book or they have a tape or something they can give you
Dr Jameson: Know that doesn't require
Dr Jameson: A computer
Dr Jameson: I'm sure there are plenty of books. I just don't know necessarily at the top of my head. But that's the kind of stuff that the counselor sometimes have good information about
Dr Jameson: But going for a walk is good and do what about do um
Dr Jameson: I don't know. Do any music or art or any, any other sort of hobbies that you've had in the past.
Nicki Cummings: Um, I like music. Sometimes it can have the opposite effect so
Dr Jameson: No, I guess it depends on the kind of do you play music are you listening to music.
Nicki Cummings: Playing music you listen to music. I mean, I love all music like all genres. Mm hmm. I, you know, people tend to radio on and on. I use another song. Oh.
Dr Jameson: Do you sing. What do you play an instrument.
Nicki Cummings: No I don't play any ice cream. No, no, I'm good. My damn good. Well,
Dr Jameson: That doesn't matter. It's about whether you, it brings you joy.
Dr Jameson: You can sing by yourself if you're really that worried about
Dr Jameson: Yeah.
Dr Jameson: Okay. And then, do you do any I forget. I'm sorry. We asked all the time and I can't remember who does what do you do any know you probably don't go anywhere because you don't have a car, but like I was gonna ask you about local meetings.
Dr Jameson: Maybe, maybe, maybe you'll have more more options here. Get your vision, your eyes. Close your eyes in
Nicki Cummings: I know
Dr Jameson: That's awesome.
Dr Jameson: I'm really good. And so that was because you were persistent right you made phone calls and you
Dr Jameson: stuck with it. Yeah.
Nicki Cummings: Every week. Yeah.
Nicki Cummings: So that's a doctor was like, I'm sorry I got, I have three boys from, you know, I've been out of town. Like, I'm sorry.
Nicki Cummings: I didn't know it was a personal note, or if you give them either.
Nicki Cummings: All
That's all right.
Dr Jameson: Okay, well I send a week supply on the two day you have group tomorrow right and then
Dr Jameson: We'll kind of just see how that goes. And if you want. Since we're doing a prayer off that soon anyway. We can also try increasing the dose, but I have a feeling
Dr Jameson: I have. It's okay if you if you do want more or anymore. It's okay. But I think sometimes it's more just kind of
Dr Jameson: Dealing mind over matter. Yeah, but like
Dr Jameson: Making sure you're using all of your resources and and reminding yourself. There are other other avenues and you know you you you have a lot of grit and you look, look what you just finally got worked out with your contacts and
Dr Jameson: I know anyway. See how it goes. But it you know if it's really if you still can't stop thinking about it and it sounds like here.
Nicki Cummings: What's the term we use
Nicki Cummings: What's all that buzzing. I'm sorry, a phone call came in.
Dr Jameson: Oh, okay.
Dr Jameson: She's like your phones turn explode.
Dr Jameson: Um,
Dr Jameson: Oh, there's a there's a term for when we're kind of like, thinking back to the days of using in a in a nostalgic way, like, you know, as if that would, you know, gosh, I wish I could go back to that which is kind of delusional right like that wasn't really so great right so
Dr Jameson: You know, trying to make sure you counter any of those
Dr Jameson: Memories, you know, memorializing sort of
Dr Jameson: Thoughts with the reality of really what else goes on when you're in that world, you know,
Dr Jameson: Just make sure you're, you know, not fantasizing about it in
Dr Jameson: In appropriately positive way. Right. It was not also great.
Dr Jameson: Okay.
Dr Jameson: So I'm gonna let you go unless you have any other questions for me.
Nicki Cummings: No, um,
Nicki Cummings: Were you able to find a needle.
Dr Jameson: I sent I sent one I just kind of randomly chose one. I said okay to substitute, so I don't know whether it'll be in the plan or what I mean.
Dr Jameson: Like I said, worst case scenario. I don't know. You can check but
Nicki Cummings: How much they cost, but
Dr Jameson: Over the counter over the counter ones are perfectly reasonable to I think so.
Dr Jameson: But that's another thing, you know, a call to the OB office. Hey, I need prenatal vitamins and I want to review my med list if I know you already, so I guess you said you left and left a message, but
Dr Jameson: Yeah that should be something that nurse can do easily enough anyway. And they'll know which brand is or which version is the approved one in your area.
Nicki Cummings: Right, okay.
Nicki Cummings: Um,
Dr Jameson: Any knowledge or anything. You feeling okay that way.
Nicki Cummings: I've had some knowledge that I actually you wrote me a prescription for the
Dr Jameson: On
Nicki Cummings: Gas and stronger when I heard
Nicki Cummings: On dance.
Nicki Cummings: I actually got out of Brazil. So, is that okay while you're checking
Dr Jameson: It depends who you ask for you. We've used it historically. I think it's okay. But there was one study that came out, suggesting raising a question of whether it was associated with cleft palate or something.
Nicki Cummings: Oh my gosh.
Dr Jameson: I don't know.
Dr Jameson: I don't know. But usually I asked people to get the okay from their Ob because some of them say yes. Some of them say no.
Nicki Cummings: I always before they gave me productivity, but
I know
Nicki Cummings: Like once they know you were an addict. They don't want to give you from
Dr Jameson: Mm hmm. I don't know.
Nicki Cummings: I don't know, it never got me. Hi. I don't know what the thing with it is so. Mm hmm.
Dr Jameson: Have you been muted.
Dr Jameson: Yeah, I know. Can we have been using Clonidine or any of the other
Dr Jameson: Things recently.
Dr Jameson: I guess I would have brought one
Dr Jameson: Yeah, I would. So I'm going to inoculate that one into I guess I would, you know, in general, it's usually, you know, we get all paranoid, um,
Dr Jameson: I would just try to run everything by that will be possible and get the okay before you continue, other than I mean don't stop doing seizure medicine without talking to
Nicki Cummings: Anybody but right
Dr Jameson: Okay, and then are you completely off the Adderall, then
Nicki Cummings: I have
Nicki Cummings: To buy play with friday so I only get one month prescription at a time. Um, but yeah, I haven't been taking them last three days so
Dr Jameson: Alright, well, I'll leave it on your list for now but just keep me
Dr Jameson: Up to date. Is this you, if anything changes on that.
Nicki Cummings: Okey doke. I haven't even read what do probably palette and
Dr Jameson: I don't know. Let's look it up, either. I didn't look it up either, but
Dr Jameson: I don't think there's need for panic. At this point, I did. But anyway, just just review as soon as you can with with the OB PR people
Nicki Cummings: I will
Dr Jameson: All right. Well congratulations again.
Nicki Cummings: You're a dull moment, I guess.
Dr Jameson: Yeah well and you know i mean i don't like to be. I'm not a
Dr Jameson: I always try to keep people, you know, we should hope for the best be optimistic but also we re, re out realists, you know, there's a fairly, you know, you're still pretty early things sometimes
Dr Jameson: You know, I tend to try to keep people a little bit like just let's see how it goes. And let's not get ahead of ourselves with this because you know it's it's sad when you know obviously but you know the statistics are not are not insignificant.
Dr Jameson: About how they don't always they don't always make it, you know.
So right
Dr Jameson: I mean, not, not to be a anyway. I just like to kind of keep it a little deeper before you get all excited and then just have your even more.
Spirit to dashed, you know,
Nicki Cummings: I know I've been trying not to get too excited, but I really wanted. Whoa, yeah. Yeah.
Dr Jameson: No, I mean,
Dr Jameson: Of course. So, but just, just make sure you keep keep just have that little, little bit in the back of your mind. Like what, like what we're hoping for the best, but it's still pretty early. So
Dr Jameson: I'm
Not to be a Debbie Downer
Dr Jameson: And then you're not taking any ibuprofen or Advil or any you know all that stuff. Right.
Nicki Cummings: No, no Tylenol, if I need it, but okay.
Nicki Cummings: Yeah, even. We're not pregnant I Tylenol is going thing. I usually, as you say, I don't I adore open. Yeah. Okay, perfect.
Dr Jameson: All right, all right, I'll see you tomorrow.
Nicki Cummings: Okay, thank you.
Nicki Cummings: You're welcome. Bye. Have a great day.
Dr Jameson: You too. Bye bye.
Dr Jameson: Okay that's Nicole comments.
Dr Jameson: I wanted to see her because she called end of last week.
Dr Jameson: Reporting that she had used all her medication to
Dr Jameson: At least see 1234 516 or too fast, out of 14 so
Dr Jameson: Come to find out you've been having a lot of cravings and anxiety and
Dr Jameson: Probably partly related to her ongoing taper of Xanax
Dr Jameson: She'd also stopped her Adderall, which she now today tells me it's because she took pregnancy test.
Dr Jameson: Late last week, which was positive. So she's trying to cut back on anything that wasn't essential
Dr Jameson: We did call in an early refill for her, which she was ultimately able to pick up all of the pharmacy was initially
Dr Jameson: Reluctant due to how early. She was I canceled their refill on the previous prescription. However, so. She'll. She'll be to for medicine, now she has an appointment with her neurologist. This
Dr Jameson: Friday to discuss her seizure meds. She's need to put a call in
Dr Jameson: To OBO office. She does not have prenatal vitamins.
Dr Jameson: Father of this baby is her friend Brandon has been like a support for for some time. He sounds a little. It sounds like he's a little bit
Dr Jameson: Wary of this idea
Dr Jameson: He doesn't have any other kids of his own.
Dr Jameson: She's excited mile nonja
Dr Jameson: On a positive note. She recently got word that she is going to get her contacts covered by her insurance, which is just
Dr Jameson: fantastic news mental status physical normal UD severe, number one. Number two, pregnancy state.
Dr Jameson: Plan continue buprenorphine eight milligrams today. For now, she's concerned about having it rejected if we try to increase the dose.
Dr Jameson: We talked about additional stress relief man anxiety management techniques. She has an appointment locally with a social worker of some sort, tomorrow and an appointment scheduled with Maggie for later this week she has group tomorrow.
Dr Jameson: We reviewed some of her other medications as far as pregnancy goes, ultimately, the best approach is to get okay discuss with our OB.
Dr Jameson: But certainly in the case of a seizure disorder. It's not a good idea to stop procedure meds until without the discussion with her neurologist and the motor gene does not seem to have certain certainly definitive terada genetic effects from my
Research here.
Dr Jameson: total time spent, whatever it was more than 50% will spend counseling. Thank you.
Dr Jameson: Hello.
iPhone: Hello.
Dr Jameson: Hi.
Dr Jameson: My name is Dr. Jamison
Dr Jameson: Dr. Matt before have we
iPhone: Know we have. Okay. Christy waters used to be my doctor
Dr Jameson: Okay, you're Alex right
Dr Jameson: Yes. Okay. Alright. So, are you in California, then
iPhone: Yes, ma'am.
All right.
Dr Jameson: Let me just open your terminal Quick Sorry.
Dr Jameson: What kind of work to do.
iPhone: I'm a land surveyor
Dr Jameson: Okay.
iPhone: It's actually new so I had some complications. I didn't know when to start. So I had to. I had to get out of the program because I didn't know how long I was going to be doing self pay. So now I got a new game.
iPhone: I'll get back in also pay until insurance kicks in and we'll be back to normal.
iPhone: Okay.
iPhone: So kind of a, um, I actually just ran out of my Suboxone like two days ago. So I'm feeling like we're Nina. Not so good.
Dr Jameson: Okay, so let me just review real quick. Okay, so you had just gotten the appointment. The last prescription. Oh, so you must have really tapered
iPhone: I did I was taking like up to a third just last week.
iPhone: Okay, so it's been kind of rough. Okay.
Dr Jameson: Alright so let me. Sorry, just let me go back and see how long
Dr Jameson: See, so you just gotta just discharged. A couple weeks ago. And this was all because of financial issues.
iPhone: Is that right, yeah. I wasn't sure how I did supporting without a job and then I left. We got hired just stayed in it, but I didn't know
Dr Jameson: Well, yeah, how you
Dr Jameson: Turn 20
Dr Jameson: Exactly. No. That makes sense. Okay, so you
Dr Jameson: Wow, you had a group on New Year's Day.
iPhone: Yes, ma'am. Okay.
Dr Jameson: So you've been meeting in holiness grew looks like okay and then
iPhone: So you're just
You're seeing her
Dr Jameson: Every couple weeks to them to a month or something.
iPhone: Dr. Waters.
Dr Jameson: Sorry. When I say weeks waters. Yeah, sorry.
iPhone: Yeah yeah probably once a month, maybe
Dr Jameson: Looks like it had been more than
Dr Jameson: Two weeks.
iPhone: I was doing real good. So she
Dr Jameson: Yeah, yeah. Okay.
Dr Jameson: Today,
Dr Jameson: Give you any indication of whether you were the plan was for you to go back into I didn't get any sort of information.
iPhone: You know what I know I'm not trying to be rude. All I had a hard time getting back in here. Actually, I've been trying for like the last two weeks and they just every time I call it a Tommy
iPhone: Okay, well we can you charge will have them call you. They never call and call back same thing by, you know, ongoing so
iPhone: So I'm here.
Dr Jameson: Okay, you're not sure whether the plan was for you to go back to the thing group you're in or nobody
iPhone: Know,
iPhone: And to be honest, it doesn't matter.
Okay.
Dr Jameson: Well, it doesn't matter. Me either. I just don't, I don't want to be like
Dr Jameson: I just, I'm not sure why they put you in with me instead of what's after was like, and I don't know I
iPhone: Don't know.
iPhone: Little unorganized. OK.
Dr Jameson: So maybe they were just trying to get you in anywhere. Okay.
Dr Jameson: Okay, so this is pretty well up to date. I don't think there's much that has changed. But let me just let's see you used to drink.
Dr Jameson: Not lately.
Yeah okay and
Dr Jameson: Then those, I guess.
Dr Jameson: That was also an issue but not
Dr Jameson: Anymore, or are you still using over again or
iPhone: No, nothing actually accepted buprenorphine right now.
Dr Jameson: Okay. And how do you have pain in your back.
No.
Okay.
Dr Jameson: Do you feel like the people in our food is what helps out or you just think of the pain is gone.
iPhone: Oh, I did. I definitely think it helps that and it also helps me kind of anxiety wise to
iPhone: Sure, but I guess my point.
Dr Jameson: Was if you weren't on buprenorphine. Do you think you would have paid
iPhone: very minor but I would say on a cold day, probably. Yeah, okay.
Dr Jameson: We're not so bad. Okay. Um, okay. So you had overall been on buprenorphine since July last summer.
Dr Jameson: And were you on the one a day or longer had to cut back
iPhone: It was it was too. And I'm not sure why but it made me kind of drowsy, so I I cut down to one and that seemed to be working. Perfect.
Dr Jameson: Good. Okay.
Dr Jameson: Just double check. You're not allergic to any medicine.
Dr Jameson: You take it. I think I saw you have a DD
Dr Jameson: ADHD or a DD do
iPhone: Take medicine doctor waters diagnosed me with that I've never taken any medication for it.
Dr Jameson: Okay, so you kind of just compensate
Dr Jameson: Your own way.
iPhone: That's right. Okay.
Dr Jameson: So you don't take any other medication, besides the
Dr Jameson: Computer being super sorry
iPhone: That's okay.
Dr Jameson: Um, how tall are you,
Dr Jameson: How much do you weigh about
Dr Jameson: And were you a land surveyor before or is this a whole
iPhone: I guess that is brand new. I was actually in pest control before
Dr Jameson: Oh, I think you need some sort of
Dr Jameson: Degree or something for that. No.
iPhone: Yes, I got lucky, though.
Dr Jameson: Okay, so they're just
iPhone: Someone I knew it to, you know, now you know.
Dr Jameson: Yeah. Well, I'm sure if they didn't think you could learn how to do what they wouldn't know.
Right.
Dr Jameson: So that's what those camera things that people are out there doing or
iPhone: Jeffrey right
Okay.
Dr Jameson: I don't know what they're doing exactly but. Cool. All right. So you weren't telling me this update this then.
Dr Jameson: Employed did you, did you just get laid off or what happened. No.
I
iPhone: What I did was I actually got a sales job and their insurance also didn't kick in for three months ended up I was actually in group while I was up the new job ended up hating that job.
iPhone: And I found this one.
iPhone: After I decided to leave just because I knew I wasn't going to stay at the sales job. I was going to quit. Anyway, so I was like, I'm gonna be on my own.
Uh huh.
Dr Jameson: Okay.
Dr Jameson: All right, and then you live with a girlfriend.
Yes, ma'am.
Dr Jameson: Do you have kids.
iPhone: System Nia. Great.
Dr Jameson: Family to
Dr Jameson: There's a little bit of substance use, it looks like in that in the family.
iPhone: Yes.
Dr Jameson: Both sides. Your uncle on your mom.
Dr Jameson: And your dad.
iPhone: Yes.
You have siblings.
iPhone: Little Sister
Dr Jameson: How is she, how old is she,
iPhone: Right now, she's 24
Dr Jameson: Does she have any
iPhone: Know,
Dr Jameson: predilection though. OK. OK.
Dr Jameson: And then you're still smoking cigarettes.
iPhone: No cigarettes. No.
Dr Jameson: Okay.
Dr Jameson: Daily
iPhone: Yeah.
Dr Jameson: Okay.
iPhone: Well,
Dr Jameson: Did you use to smoke cigarettes to or
Dr Jameson: Not okay so this was kind of, okay, I think they missed
Dr Jameson: So most everyday marijuana but cutting
Back.
iPhone: Yes.
Dr Jameson: I'm
Dr Jameson: Hoping that since you were 11. That's right.
That's right.
Dr Jameson: And well, just curious, how come you're cutting back
iPhone: And I just feel like it's just time like I get home after 1012 hour day, and I gotta go to bed kind of shortly after time thing. Not really a personal decision.
Dr Jameson: Then you sleep fine without
Dr Jameson: Something so much
iPhone: Yeah yeah
Dr Jameson: Okay i mean i'm i'm
Dr Jameson: All for you, cutting giving it up. Believe me, I'm just trying to get a sense of why you were using it, and what's you know
iPhone: How about I guess I was just using that as a replacement
iPhone: And this option actually helped me come back, believe it or not.
Dr Jameson: I do believe it. I think there's a
Dr Jameson: While there's a lot we do and don't understand
Dr Jameson: About which reset and I think different people are wired different ways and
iPhone: So,
Dr Jameson: Anyway, I mean I listen smoking anything is bad for you. So I'm you know your your lungs will be
Better for right
There, you know,
iPhone: We don't have to get
Dr Jameson: And then you're
iPhone: Less. I don't think we have to
Dr Jameson: Do all your labs again to be
iPhone: Glad to know. They told me I didn't have to. Okay.
Dr Jameson: Oh yeah, these are all they have a whole new order in there.
Dr Jameson: But you did do the blood work. Did you never do your homework.
I did.
What does it say
System. I don't know. They're in here, but it still says pending.
Looking back,
Dr Jameson: Was it always pills for you or did you
iPhone: Yes. Okay.
Dr Jameson: And was it um
Dr Jameson: Anxiety, like what was, what do you think drew you to them in the first place, or was it just pain and then you got stuck on him.
iPhone: Knows probably anxiety.
Dr Jameson: Yeah, there's usually more than one reasons. Yeah, yeah, pain, but then, oh, it also makes me
Mm hmm.
Dr Jameson: So interesting, right, because some people. It makes them. Most people have many people get sleepy when they take them and then some people say that. So I think, again, we don't know what we don't know about how that
Dr Jameson: how that all works.
Dr Jameson: Okay.
Dr Jameson: So anxiety lately.
iPhone: Right now it's off the charts or
Dr Jameson: Is it
Dr Jameson: Do you think cuz you're well
Dr Jameson: Yes. Okay. Sorry, I was just gonna say, Well, okay. Well, when we were taking the taking the buprenorphine it. How was your anxiety.
iPhone: The last week. It's been kind of bad because I keep it down to the third.
iPhone: Yeah, but other than that it is amazing. Yeah, okay.
Dr Jameson: So, so the
Dr Jameson: Morphine still seems to
iPhone: Work for that. Yeah. My goal today was hopefully to get a prescription and get back in, just like normal.
iPhone: Yeah.
Dr Jameson: That's fine.
Dr Jameson: I just wanted to sort of touch base on for me, I think, you know, yes, there's the
Dr Jameson: We can satisfy the receptors in your brain, so that you don't have the
Dr Jameson: Physical withdrawal and that's what the Suboxone is so good at. I personally just think we need to be holistic about, you know,
Dr Jameson: long term success we should
Dr Jameson: probably also be
Dr Jameson: Also be thinking about what other things.
iPhone: Absolutely. If we can set up.
iPhone: To talk about a taper off program, I would be totally
Dr Jameson: Sure. I was just talking about sort of the other like did you do individual counseling.
iPhone: No, not really. Okay.
Dr Jameson: Because I think that's usually also helpful.
Dr Jameson: Okay, yes, I will send a prescription to your same pharmacy or using
iPhone: BEFORE. YES, MA'AM, Walgreens on
iPhone: County. So Boomer okay
Dr Jameson: I'm gonna send two weeks worth and then I just need to like let me ask them what the, what the plan was for. Are you gonna go back in your previous group.
Dr Jameson: And then
Dr Jameson: I'll pass you over back to
Dr Jameson: Dr. Waters, or what's the
Dr Jameson: Status, but I'll, I'll send a prescription for you and get
Dr Jameson: It get it going.
iPhone: I really appreciate that.
Dr Jameson: And you're doing one a day. Correct. You usually
iPhone: Is that right, yes. Now, yep.
iPhone: Okay.
Dr Jameson: And the films as opposed to tablet. Correct.
iPhone: That's right.
Dr Jameson: All right.
Dr Jameson: Any i'm sure you you know you can tell me you got to go, which is fine, but just double check. You don't have any questions about anything or
iPhone: No, ma'am.
iPhone: I'm just, I'm just happy to be back, to be honest.
iPhone: Yeah. Well, yeah.
Dr Jameson: Fine finances are you can't. They're real. Like, you can't you can't ignore them, but it does it syncs with things like insurance people's insurance gets in the
Dr Jameson: way all the time of treatment, it's really frustrating. So
Right.
Dr Jameson: Okay, um, was nice to meet you. I, I will
Dr Jameson: I have somebody hopefully
Dr Jameson: Like I said, I know they can be disorganized. Like, I believe you. Anyway, we'll figure out what the plan is for group and
iPhone: If it's
Dr Jameson: With me on my groups on Wednesdays. But if it's
iPhone: Back with either ways fine yeah whatever is easier for you guys.
Dr Jameson: Well, okay, but I think it's also important to be convenient with yours.
iPhone: Honestly, any day after 4pm works for me. Okay.
Dr Jameson: Alright, well, we'll, we'll figure that out as I'm in the next week or so and
Dr Jameson: I'll have somebody reach out to you about setting getting formalizing that plan.
Dr Jameson: Perfect. Thank you.
iPhone: Hey, you're. What do you think that prescription should be filled. Today, most likely
Dr Jameson: I sent it just now.
Okay.
iPhone: Very good.
Dr Jameson: Okay, what, what happens after that it's it's not always
Dr Jameson: In my control, but I'm hopefully
Dr Jameson: If you're, you know, you're a patient there and they they
Dr Jameson: They have your record and everything.
Dr Jameson: Absolutely. All right.
iPhone: All right, Doctor, thank you so much.
Dr Jameson: You're welcome. Take care. Have a nice day.
iPhone: Bye.
Bye.
Dr Jameson: Okay, Alex Marino. This is a
What's the word
Dr Jameson: Well, it's a history and physical, but the patient is rejoining our program very shortly after
Dr Jameson: Requesting discharged basically basically due to financial concerns period. He's been successfully maintained on eight milligrams a day of Suboxone for the past
Dr Jameson: Seven months but due to a change in his job and loss of benefits. He was
Dr Jameson: Uncomfortable with the prospect of an undetermined length of time being achievement as a self pay patient he since gotten a new job that has benefits which will be kicking in at some sort of known date in the future. And he has been struggling with
Dr Jameson: lower doses and then no Suboxone over the past
Dr Jameson: Several weeks.
Dr Jameson: Out of the program and is now willing to
Dr Jameson: Start back in the program as self pay patient just until his, his benefits begin
Dr Jameson: He's had
Dr Jameson: Issues with anxiety for some time and what she thinks may have been the biggest trigger for his initial use of opiates.
Dr Jameson: He has been a user of
Dr Jameson: Me. Me.
Dr Jameson: pain pills.
denies any history of IV administration.
Dr Jameson: Also has a history of alcohol and benzo misuse, but has not
Dr Jameson: Use pencils for nearly a year now. We did have
Dr Jameson: Fractured back five years ago and was treated with prescription opiates.
Dr Jameson: Since then,
Dr Jameson: Mainly Norco
Dr Jameson: Up until he began treatment with us in July of 2019
Dr Jameson: In reports, having a good support system.
Dr Jameson: Between his girlfriend and family. He did not really
Dr Jameson: Have much
Dr Jameson: Therapy.
Dr Jameson: During the course of his previous
Dr Jameson: Work with us into an individual anyway.
Dr Jameson: So the past medical history and all that is really already in here meds and allergies are viewed
Dr Jameson: Social histories update, it's likely because he has a new job.
Dr Jameson: Physical well mental status and physical or normal
Dr Jameson: Assessment.
Dr Jameson: Oh, Ed severe
Dr Jameson: Previously well managed on a fairly low dose of Suboxone
Dr Jameson: Plan.
Dr Jameson: Will be admitted into our program resume.
Dr Jameson: Regular group meetings.
Dr Jameson: I sent a two week supply of his eight milligram eight slash to milligram films daily
Dr Jameson: I don't think we need to repeat his blood work but will resume his peers drug screens.
Dr Jameson: I'm not entirely certain whether the plan was for the patient to easing Jaden with Dr. Waters or switch to me. So I'm gonna follow up with our staff about that.
Dr Jameson: His work schedule necessitates groups that occur after 4pm
Dr Jameson: And if you can add I ran a curious report, which had no unexpected results.
Dr Jameson: Hello.
Dr Jameson: Can you hear me.
Dr Jameson: Can you hear me. Hello.
Dr Jameson: I can't hear you.
Dr Jameson: Can you hear me.
Dr Jameson: Do you have here earphones.
Dr Jameson: Are you able to hear me.
Dr Jameson: I don't hear you at all.
Dr Jameson: Do you have any headphones.
Dr Jameson: Hi there.
Dr Jameson: Can you hear me.
Dr Jameson: Hello.
Dr Jameson: Hello. Hi, my name is Dr. Jamison, can you hear me okay
Brittany Dingess: Yes. Okay.
Dr Jameson: Can you just confirm your name and birthdate please
Brittany Dingess: Brittany dangerous 130 87
Brittany Dingess: Okay.
Dr Jameson: ARE YOU I THINK YOU'RE IN TENNESSEE. Right.
Brittany Dingess: Yes.
Dr Jameson: Okay, so I have to tell you I have another appointment in about 20 minutes
Dr Jameson: Which they kind of over scheduled me anyway. But we're usually supposed to have an hour for these visits, so I'll do as much as I can. Today, but I don't know that we'll be able to finish the whole thing.
Dr Jameson: Right here, just
Dr Jameson: But we can at least get started. Um, so the purpose of this visit, maybe, I don't know if you know, but it's to kind of like review your medical history in general and just
Dr Jameson: Make sure this seems like
Dr Jameson: You're a good candidate for our program and talk about medicine and that sort of stuff.
Dr Jameson: So tell me, are you have you been in treatment. Previously, or is this your first
Brittany Dingess: No, I have been in treatment.
Brittany Dingess: I started out on Suboxone back in 2015
Brittany Dingess: I had a methadone clinic. And then I started to see a private doctor
Brittany Dingess: And they transition major sub located
Brittany Dingess: Okay, we, I feel like doesn't work as well. I have a lot of cravings.
And
Brittany Dingess: I've discussed it with them, you know, to try to switch me back to this, the boxing because I was on him for Sarah, you know, I was on it until
Brittany Dingess: Up until April of last year's and almost four years and it worked really well. And when they switched me to the sub located, I noticed
Brittany Dingess: A pretty
Brittany Dingess: pretty distinct difference and
Brittany Dingess: I'm like, how will the medicine work and everything and I my doctor that has me on the sub located won't switch me back to the Suboxone
Brittany Dingess: Okay.
Dr Jameson: Why don't
Brittany Dingess: They, they didn't really tell me why I mean I'm just going to win them over and over about, you know, I feel like medicine those workers will and everything. And they tell me that since I'm not having like you know like a life threatening reaction or like an allergy to it. They don't want
Brittany Dingess: Me back. Okay.
Dr Jameson: So, do you know what your dose. What was your dose. I'm sure you do know what your dose Suboxone was before.
Brittany Dingess: And eight milligrams once a day, I was on the same dose room.
Brittany Dingess: Like I'm February 2016 all the way up until April of last year.
Dr Jameson: So was at one a day or two a day.
Dr Jameson: To day it was it the Suboxone or the Butte the sappy checks.
Suboxone
Dr Jameson: And then how, when was the let's even getting the month. That's every month. I, I believe. Correct. I haven't used it myself.
Brittany Dingess: Yeah.
Dr Jameson: When did you see been doing that monthly since April. Is that right,
Yes.
Dr Jameson: And then I think there's different doses on that too.
Brittany Dingess: Yeah, they the first two doses are 300 milligrams and then the then it's 100 milligrams. The issue is that
Brittany Dingess: You're supposed to get the shot every 28 days, but it doesn't break down in 28 day
Brittany Dingess: Gradual months and months to break down and I had my thyroid. I think part of the problem is that
Brittany Dingess: I had my thyroid removed in 2017 and so I've asked you know maybe it's not metabolize properly and I'm on live with the rocks and but my thyroid hormones are still kind of high so
Brittany Dingess: And they can't have concur with me that that might be an issue, but they don't still don't want to switch me back so
Mm hmm.
Dr Jameson: But they didn't try increasing your did it work better at the beginning or never really worked.
Brittany Dingess: Um,
Dr Jameson: The shot. I mean,
Brittany Dingess: The first shot work for, like, a couple of weeks.
Brittany Dingess: And then it was it's and it kind of does the same thing every time I get it.
Brittany Dingess: I'll start to have withdrawal symptoms after a couple of weeks, like, you know, like the medicine, just not getting into my body like it should.
Dr Jameson: work well for them. The level doesn't stay up high enough. Yeah.
Dr Jameson: So you feel better for a couple weeks after the shot and then you start feeling withdrawals again.
Brittany Dingess: I mean it. Yeah, first I would feel better for a couple weeks and now
Brittany Dingess: It just, I mean it just constantly fluctuate. You know, like a few days I feel okay and in a few days. I'll feel horrible and
Brittany Dingess: So inconsistent.
Dr Jameson: Weird and I have only had one other patient come to us who
Dr Jameson: sort of vaguely similar anyway that she didn't she'd been on spots on the game or the shot and didn't really work and they tried. I think they upped her dose to
Dr Jameson: I don't know, just didn't seem to do the same thing. And so we put her back on Suboxone and then she felt fine and then a couple weeks later. Suddenly she didn't feel fine anymore and I really was probably because it's a blockade had finally all washed out and
Dr Jameson: We had to kind of pick up the dose little bit further, but
Dr Jameson: It seems like
Dr Jameson: Sounds to me like it would have been nice for them to try upping your dose because
Dr Jameson: You start with a 300 and then you start need after the two months, like you said, I was just looking at it because I forgot myself. But anyway, these usually 100 A MONTH, BUT SOMETIMES PEOPLE NEED.
Dr Jameson: More than that.
Brittany Dingess: So I don't know.
Dr Jameson: Anyway, um,
Dr Jameson: Okay, so the last time you had a shot was when
Brittany Dingess: This
Brittany Dingess: Coming up on three weeks ago.
Dr Jameson: And then tell me what your withdrawal symptoms are like, I think he said hot and cold for that reason.
Brittany Dingess: Yeah, I'll have
Brittany Dingess: Like he yeah I'll get really flushed and then optimal have cold sweats and really bad anxiety horrible anxiety and it's got no I mean I have I have anxiety issues. Anyway, and it's gotten significantly worse since I started the symbol Cade and I'm like stomach cramps and nausea and
Brittany Dingess: Body. I mean, it's just not always all of those things. But, you know, just the kind of general array. Okay.
Dr Jameson: I'm
Brittany Dingess: Just kind of come and go. Yeah.
Dr Jameson: So okay, so you take
Dr Jameson: The box. Oh, did you say
Brittany Dingess: Live with the Roxanne yeah and then
Dr Jameson: And they're still adjusting your dose. It sounds like
Yeah.
Brittany Dingess: I've had it.
Dr Jameson: You
Brittany Dingess: Don't end up too high. They don't be too low and then just
Brittany Dingess: had a hard time getting it kind of in the right spot.
Dr Jameson: What your doses right now.
And
Brittany Dingess: I just recently.
Brittany Dingess: Added changed is that I'll take like I was on 125 micrograms every day.
Brittany Dingess: I'll take it for like a three or four days in a row, and then I'll that will start to make me really see and I'll just feel hot all the time. And like I won't be able to sleep. And so they lowered it to 25 micrograms every other day.
Brittany Dingess: Just to start off to try to get it really slowly built a
Dr Jameson: Okay, so you are overactive, it sounds like
Brittany Dingess: Yeah, I was. I had graves disease that developed really quickly like at the end of 2016
Brittany Dingess: Early 2017 and gotten so bad that it was affecting
Brittany Dingess: My heart like if I was standing at work. I you know I would shake and sweat and throw up all the time. It was horrible. And so they put me on medicine to try to slow it down and that didn't work. And then they they took it out.
Dr Jameson: And now we have to replace
Dr Jameson: And then are you on any other medications. So it's the level three Roxanne
Brittany Dingess: I am on lyrica
Brittany Dingess: Beauty bar.
Brittany Dingess: Blue Box a main
Dr Jameson: Hold on. Sorry, this computer thing. Super. So, you know, therapeutic doses.
Brittany Dingess: It's 100 milligrams four times a day.
Right. It's like every single thing I do is we'll
Dr Jameson: Be okay and then what do you take that for the Lyrica
Brittany Dingess: And neuropathy was in a car accident when I was a teenager.
Brittany Dingess: So I had a lot of numbness and tingling in my upper extremities. Okay.
Dr Jameson: Did you have an injury to your neck or
Brittany Dingess: I did I actually just back in November finally had a spinal fusion to try to correct
Brittany Dingess: Some of the issues which it helps some of the problems and then it may where things were compressed for so long. It made some of the issues worse.
Brittany Dingess: I mean my hands and you know my fingers don't go numb. But now I'm having issues a power up like a bit my shoulders, but
Brittany Dingess: They tell me that it's normal.
Dr Jameson: Well, things make
Dr Jameson: Things may continue to gradually heal because, yeah, it's an adjustment so. Okay, so then you're on boost bar, you know, the dose on that off here.
Brittany Dingess: 10 milligrams three times a day.
Dr Jameson: That's for anxiety.
Dr Jameson: Okay, and then you have another one you started a blue a blue box. I think
Brittany Dingess: Yes, the blue box domain and it is
Brittany Dingess: 50 milligrams in the morning and 100 milligrams at night.
Brittany Dingess: Okay.
Dr Jameson: And that's also for the anxiety or depression to
Brittany Dingess: Mostly. Mostly anxiety but depression, a little bit too.
Dr Jameson: He said 15 in the morning and 100 at night night.
Dr Jameson: Okay, and anything else.
Brittany Dingess: Depot, prepare, just for birth control.
Dr Jameson: Panel that answered the other question I was going to ask you, are you on anything for birth control.
Dr Jameson: Anything else, or is that the end of it.
Brittany Dingess: I believe I believe it. Okay.
Dr Jameson: Okay. Are you allergic to any medication that you know about
Bathroom
Anything else that you
Brittany Dingess: Know,
Dr Jameson: Which is the same thing with spectrum.
Okay.
Dr Jameson: And let's see. So
Dr Jameson: You kind of already mentioned you've been on the Suboxone since 2014 I think
Brittany Dingess: It was the end of 2000
Brittany Dingess: Yeah, actually I don't want to say, I think it was the end of 2014 when I started on it.
Dr Jameson: Oh, you said you were at a method of how long were you on. Did you take methadone or you went to the Methadone clinic and they did.
Brittany Dingess: I never did the Methadone they well they actually wasn't actually Suboxone it was Serbia takes is what they put me on but
Brittany Dingess: They just increase, they just kept wanting to increase my dose to like they were going to put me up to 32 milligrams a day and you know I wanted to kind of go to get out. I didn't want to go up for, for sure. So
Brittany Dingess: And plus, I mean it's just super expensive and really far away. The closest clinic is in Chattanooga, which at the time from where I live. It was like an hour and 10 minutes each way.
Yeah.
Dr Jameson: Sorry, my next patient just checked in.
Dr Jameson: Okay.
Brittany Dingess: Yeah, we had had some issues getting connected with them to check in for my one
Dr Jameson: Did you have to wait. You mean
Brittany Dingess: Yeah, I mean I like I went to the waiting room and I could see them, but I couldn't hear them.
Brittany Dingess: On music and they had no idea where the music was
Brittany Dingess: Coming from
One second.
Dr Jameson: Alright, so
Dr Jameson: Um, let's see. I think what
Dr Jameson: All right, what are you working these days. What, what's your schedule like
Brittany Dingess: I am I just went back from my surgery. I work in a factory. Okay.
Dr Jameson: Are you working today or
Brittany Dingess: I work third shift. So I'm I mean I'm supposed to go in it, tend to not
Okay.
Dr Jameson: Are you going when he said it like you and me. We aren't
Brittany Dingess: I mean, I don't really like that play spearmint
Brittany Dingess: I'm gonna try to go. Okay. Yes. It kind of depends on the weather we've had a lot of rain and flooding so
Dr Jameson: Okay, I'm
Dr Jameson: Okay. Um, so I think we're gonna I'm gonna have to
Dr Jameson: Put us on pause here for the moment.
Dr Jameson: Do you have any well did they explain to you how we work with the weekly groups and
Dr Jameson: They explain any of that to
Brittany Dingess: Amino a little bit and then I read online. Also, you know, like a little bit not. No. No, not like anything in tremendous detail.
Dr Jameson: The same, but so you put you're aware that we have, like, a weekly group that you attend and
Dr Jameson: The Tennessee group that I have is on Wednesdays at noon.
That's going to be doable.
Brittany Dingess: It should be fun. Yeah, okay.
So,
I think
Dr Jameson: For for
Dr Jameson: If nothing else,
Dr Jameson: Course you probably like to sleep during this point but
Brittany Dingess: I mean I don't sleep a lot. I'm always up and down. I'll sleep for a couple hours and I'm up for a couple of hours and oh
Dr Jameson: Well, that could be withdrawal related to, or maybe it's other things to pain and stuff but
Okay.
Dr Jameson: Are you
Dr Jameson: I'm just thinking maybe if you could maybe I could see you like
Dr Jameson: At 11 are you what your central your central or
Dr Jameson: eastern Eastern. Okay.
Dr Jameson: Yeah, if you could maybe we could try to get this wrapped up on well
Dr Jameson: You probably want to get the medication going soon as possible.
Dr Jameson: But what's better for you like earlier in the morning or later afternoon.
Brittany Dingess: Usually I can do either. I mean, normally I say earlier in the morning.
Brittany Dingess: You know, I mean if or later in the afternoon is better.
Dr Jameson: Well, I'm just thinking tomorrow. They have me double booked and then I gotta get out of here for something so I'm kind of stuck with the rest of today, but I could see you tomorrow at
Dr Jameson: I have. Whoops. Let's see.
What
Dr Jameson: I could see you tomorrow at like three in the afternoon.
Brittany Dingess: That should be fine. Okay.
Dr Jameson: Um, alright, so I'll ask them to make you another appointment and then
Dr Jameson: I can send like a just a couple days worth of medicine. Now, so you're not totally stranded.
Dr Jameson: You have a sub sub locate. So I don't think there's any risk of putting you into withdrawal by giving you more Suboxone
Dr Jameson: You might not need the full eight milligrams right now because you have some, some in there. So I would probably have you start by doing a half just see if that
Dr Jameson: Is enough. And did you have a preference for the tablet or the film.
Brittany Dingess: I mean, I don't care really
Dr Jameson: Do you know here insurance cares
Brittany Dingess: I mean, whichever one you think will absorb the best
Dr Jameson: I think they're pretty equivalent. Some people just find that they like one the taste of one versus the other one I think the tablets are a little cheaper. So sometimes insurance prefers
Dr Jameson: That but you are. Which one is you talked before
Brittany Dingess: I mean, I took the strips before, but I do for insurance.
Brittany Dingess: So, and I know like the last
Brittany Dingess: The last couple times that I got them. It was the generic film, which was like, I don't know, it was
Brittany Dingess: I didn't like the generic film was much because I felt like it was, it didn't stay in place as well.
Dr Jameson: Hmm.
Brittany Dingess: So like I would try to put it under my tongue and then it would just go everywhere.
Brittany Dingess: And okay
Brittany Dingess: Well, I know that my insurance is kind of picky.
Brittany Dingess: It's, you know, the insurance. I have to work is not as good as the insurance. I had
Brittany Dingess: Previously, so my weekend.
Dr Jameson: Well, maybe we should try the tablet. And you can see it's probably going to be generic either way. So maybe the tablet won't bother you as much as the film. Did I say one a day but like I said I would suggest you break them in half.
Dr Jameson: And then
Dr Jameson: I'll just do enough for
Dr Jameson: Well, I'll do three days so that you could get you through group anyway. But I'll see you tomorrow. Anyway, but that way we'll get you lined up. What we do is try to do
Dr Jameson: When you come to group we do your refill. That same day, so it's nice to have those things. And this way you can try the tablets. If you hate it, then we can we can we can decide
Dr Jameson: If you want to do the other one instead.
Dr Jameson: But we can at least
Dr Jameson: Get getting started on something.
Dr Jameson: And then I'll see you tomorrow. Anyway, but wait till we can talk about it and see how it's going to now and then.
Dr Jameson: I have to tell you, sometimes the pharmacies don't love they see the bright heart health addresses in California and they get
Dr Jameson: Sometimes all upset about. Wait a minute. How are you seeing a patient from California. And sometimes the idea of total mess and does not seem to
Dr Jameson: Actually they sometimes get upset. So sometimes one pharmacist is like, no, no. And we have to find different pharmacy because they just don't
Dr Jameson: Accept it
Dr Jameson: So I just realized I didn't put my Tennessee D number on this. Anyway, I go back
Dr Jameson: But just so you're give them a call and make sure everything sounds like it's all squared before you head over there.
Dr Jameson: Because it can be frustrating. So, at least, at least to save your favorite the gas.
Dr Jameson: So if you give them a call and if they sound dubious or like there's a problem or you need a prior author mean there's a variety of things that can happen.
Dr Jameson: We can do that. We can certainly process, the prior off, but that slow things down a little bit, obviously.
Brittany Dingess: As far as I know they cover Suboxone they have fought me pretty hard over the sub located. I mean, obviously, it's like 1500 dollars a month.
Brittany Dingess: And that's what they say and I was there's cheaper alternatives, but they, I mean they have actually accepted this tub. Okay. I mean, as far as I know they cover Suboxone and it's
Brittany Dingess: I think it's one of their preferred generics.
Dr Jameson: Yeah, I know that this
Dr Jameson: Should be fine, but I
Dr Jameson: Just fine anyway just sometimes even though it's their preferred they still make you fill out the form and
Brittany Dingess: Yeah.
Dr Jameson: I just don't
Dr Jameson: They're not. They're not our friend.
Brittany Dingess: put it that way. I mean,
Dr Jameson: They're not here to help you. They're here to try not to have to spend money on you so
Dr Jameson: It is what it is. But I've just the the additional. So that would be the case, no matter who was writing about this. The additional
Dr Jameson: Issue with us being a telemedicine practice. So sometimes if sometimes a phone call from me solve the problem, but sometimes it doesn't matter, they're just very suspicious and
So,
Dr Jameson: I'm trying to get the sense for you.
Dr Jameson: I will
Hourglass
Dr Jameson: So I'll plan on seeing you tomorrow. We may check in the same way. What are the virtual
Dr Jameson: Clinic.
Dr Jameson: To check in and
Dr Jameson: Then
Dr Jameson: They'll be they'll be, you know, it'll sort of be the same idea. And then for group on Wednesday, which I'll remind you tomorrow. But same thing you pretty much always start at virtual clinic whenever you're
Dr Jameson: Whenever you're having an appointment, no matter what sort of if it was a counselor group or me or whatever. Okay.
Dr Jameson: All right. Normally I would, you know, want to talk to you a lot more about the medication, but since you've been on it before. I don't think we have to go through all the specifics on that, although I'm happy to answer any questions. We can talk about more tomorrow if you
Dr Jameson: Write this just a second ago. Okay, so, um,
Dr Jameson: But I'm gonna check because I have another patient to see so
Dr Jameson: It was nice to meet you.
Dr Jameson: Out on my face. So yeah, so we'll go through more. I just want to hear more about sort of how this all came to be in your life and a little bit more about the rest of your life and family history and you know do small and blah, blah, blah. That kind of stuff.
Dr Jameson: Okay. Okay. All right. Well, I will see you tomorrow. Thanks for your flexibility.
Brittany Dingess: Yes, absolutely. I appreciate it.
Dr Jameson: No problem.
Brittany Dingess: You have again.
Brittany Dingess: You too. Thank you.
THE QUEENS LG: Hello.
Dr Jameson: Hi.
THE QUEENS LG: Can you hear me.
Dr Jameson: I can hear you. Can you hear me.
Dr Jameson: Sorry, I'm gonna have to be on the move.
Dr Jameson: To daddy leave
Dr Jameson: Hey, I'm sorry. I was talking to my daughter. I have to. I'm gonna have to take you with me in the car. I want to take my daughter up
Dr Jameson: One of those days, but this should be quick. So hopefully
Dr Jameson: Hopefully no big deal. I just wanted to
Dr Jameson: Let me get my earbuds back in. Sorry, I'm breaking all the rules.
Dr Jameson: Wanted to talk to you again about
Dr Jameson: Your screen, which I know we already talked about but
Dr Jameson: Still have some in there again this week.
THE QUEENS LG: Yeah, I went me out with getting
Dr Jameson: That's how come I didn't make group because I
THE QUEENS LG: Didn't take my phone with me. I know I did a call that I didn't have any numbers or nothing.
THE QUEENS LG: Either
Dr Jameson: I didn't come through. It was kind of he went and hung out with
THE QUEENS LG: Some friends of friends. I wouldn't stay the night and the desktop.
Dr Jameson: Well,
THE QUEENS LG: You probably don't know what that is.
THE QUEENS LG: You're like freezing. I can't hear you.
Dr Jameson: Perfect, of course.
THE QUEENS LG: I can hear you.
THE QUEENS LG: You're nothing now.
THE QUEENS LG: Okay, you're moving
Now, you're not
THE QUEENS LG: I can't hear you. I can see you, but I can't hear you.
THE QUEENS LG: Why this sucks.
THE QUEENS LG: You're your screen. Can you hear me. I don't know if you can even hear me big your screen is frozen and I can't
THE QUEENS LG: I can see you moving, but I can't hear anything.
THE QUEENS LG: I can see you. I still can't hear anything.